Stanage: initial GPU, CUDA and cuDNN docs (for A100 nodes) (#1670)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanagepilot/gpu-computing.rst

.. _gpu_computing_stanage:

Using GPUs on Stanage
=====================

.. _gpu_interactive_stanage:

Interactive use of the GPUs
---------------------------

.. note::

  See :ref:`requesting an interactive session on slurm <submit_interactive_stanage>` if you're not already familiar with the concept.

To start using the GPU enabled nodes interactively, type:

.. code-block:: sh

   srun --partition=gpu --gres=gpu:1 --pty bash

The ``--gres=gpu:1`` parameter determines how many GPUs you are requesting
(just one in this case).

Note it's not possible to request GPUs using ``--gpus=N`` on Stanage at this time (unlike on Bessemer).

Interactive sessions provide you with 2 GB of CPU RAM by default,
which is significantly less than the amount of GPU RAM available on a single GPU.
This can lead to issues where your session has insufficient CPU RAM to transfer data to and from the GPU.
As such, it is recommended that you request enough CPU memory to communicate properly with the GPU:

> .. code-block:: sh
> 
>    # NB Each NVIDIA A100 GPU has 40GB of RAM
>    srun --partition=gpu --gres=gpu:1 --mem=42G --pty bash
> 
> The above will give you 2GB more CPU RAM than the 40GB of GPU RAM available on the NVIDIA A100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh

   # NB Each NVIDIA A100 GPU has 80GB of RAM
   srun --partition=gpu --gres=gpu:1 --mem=82G --pty bash

The above will give you 2GB more CPU RAM than the 80GB of GPU RAM available on the NVIDIA A100.
```

An old nvidia-smi log has the GPUs as being the 80GiB variant `NVIDIA A100-SXM4-80GB`, `0MiB / 81920MiB`

Author: Doh!  I'd even mentioned they were the 80GB versions in an addition to the stanage-specs.rst page
